infiniteLLcMontiConvoTemplate
infiniteLLCMontiConvoHandler
init	I am an overnight success, but it took 20 years.
init	What?	q1
init	What do you do here?	q2
init	We talked before, can we skip the chit-chat?	how1

q1	Google it, it's my most famous quote. 
q1	Uh, ok, what is it you do here?	q2

q2	I am the director of special projects for Infinity Heritage LLC. I was hired because some of the thievery has gotten too creative for Month Python to keep up with.
q2	What kind of Creative Thievery?	q3
q2	Do you have work for me?	q4

q3	I normally don't give criminals credit but wow, some of their antics made me laugh. Basically, they are now taking everything. Even if it is nailed down or requires a large transport ship to grab it. I mean it could be embedded in cement, guarded by 10 Jedi Masters with a Rancor sitting on it, and they still manage to steal it.
q3	Wow, what can I do to help you?	q4

q4	I reward loyalty with risk. Like Monty Python, I will turn a blind eye to anything you happen to find along the way.
q4	Ok, so you will give me missions?	q5

q5	Let's Make a Deal, it's that simple. You give up 10 things you looted from Monty Python's quests. Then you get to choose one of three missions. Each with a different outcome.
q5	How are they different?	q6
q5	How do I pick?	q11
q5	Ok, I'm ready	how1

q6	That's what makes it fun. One mission will offer some amazing loot, the other will be mediocre but still likely better than what you gave me. The third is garbage.
q6	Why can't all the missions give amazing loot?	q7
q6	What do you consider amazing?	q8
q6	Ok, I'm ready	how1

q7	First, life doesn't work that way. Second, I'm a sick individual that likes to play games.
q7	What sorts of Amazing loot?	q8

q8	Well there's no certainty but last week this one guy looted a fully intact sandcrawler and another looted one of the arches from Theed.
q8	Theed Arch?	q9
q8	Sandcrawler	q10

q9	Here's a secret, the two giant arches in Theed? They're both fake, the real ones were stolen.
q9	What about the sandcrawler?	q10
q9	I'm ready to make a deal	how1

q10	It was massive, granted the jawas removed the engine but it made a nice decoration in the front yard.
q10	What about the Theed arch?	q9
q10	I'm sold, I would like to make a deal	how1

q11	That's the fun part, over by the exit there will be three harmless green flames, just walk into one and you will be teleported off to a secret location.
q11	How are they different?	q6
q11	How do I return?	q12

q12	Good luck with that.
q12	Ok, Let's Make a Deal!	how1

